Doc alias name restriction (#76811)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/advanced-features.md

Then, when looking for it through the `rustdoc` search, if you enter "x" or
"big", search will show the `BigX` struct first.

> There are some limitations on the doc alias names though: you can't use `"` or whitespaces or
> tabs or backlines.

Reviewer: I think by 'backlines' you meant 'newlines', but both that and spaces are whitespace.
```suggestion
There are some limitations on the doc alias names though: you can't use `"` or whitespace.
```

Author: Oh good point.
